cloud: data service supports basic authentication (#14449)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/api-overview.md

- **JSON entities.** All entities are expressed in JSON.
- **HTTPS-only.** You can only access the API via HTTPS, ensuring all the data sent over the network is encrypted with TLS.

> - **Key-based access and authentication.** Before you access TiDB Cloud API, you must generate an API key for authentication. You can use either [Basic Authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_access_authentication) or [Digest Authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digest_access_authentication) to call an endpoint depending on your security requirement.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Key-based access and digest authentication.** Before you access TiDB Cloud API, you must generate an API key. All requests are authenticated through [HTTP Digest Authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digest_access_authentication), ensuring the API key is never sent over the network.
```
